DOCS-3976: Cover unknown resource type error (#4288)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/tools/common-errors.md

}
```

### Error: resource build error: unknown resource type

**Full Error:**

> ```

Author: ```suggestion
```sh
```

error rdk.resource_manager.rdk:<RESOURCE-IDENTIFIER>   resource/graph_node.go:297   resource build error: unknown resource type: API "<API-TRIPLET>" with model "<MODEL-TRIPLET>" not registered   resource <RESOURCE-IDENTIFIER>  model <MODEL-TRIPLET>
```

**Description:** This error occurs when your configuration requests a model with an associated API and the combination of model name and API triplet is not registered with viam-server.

**Solution:**

- **Module Installation**: For registry-provided models, ensure that your machine's configuration includes the module.
- **Model Triplet Verification**: Check for typos in the model triplet.
   It must exactly match the model registered with `viam-server`.

>    For registry-provided models, you can find the correct model triplet (e.g., `viam:camera:csi-pi`) in the **Components & services** section of the registry page.
> - **API Compatibility**: Ensure the selected model supports the requested API. You can find the requested APIs next to each model entry in the **Components & services** section of the registry page.
> - **API Triplet Verification**: Check for typos in the API triplet (e.g., `rdk:component:camera`).

Author: ```suggestion
   For registry-provided models, you can find the correct model triplet (for example `viam:camera:csi-pi`) in the **Components & services** section of the registry page.
- **API Compatibility**: Ensure the selected model supports the requested API. You can find the requested APIs next to each model entry in the **Components & services** section of the registry page.
- **API Triplet Verification**: Check for typos in the API triplet (for example `rdk:component:camera`).
```
